Add instructions to fix build errors in std after adding a new target (#1412)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/building/new-target.md

Look for existing targets to use as examples.

> After adding your target to the `rustc_target` crate you may want to add
> `core`, `std`, ... with support for your new target, in that case you will
> probably need access to some `target_*` cfg, unfortunately when building with
> stage0 (the beta compiler) some errors indicating that the value of the target
> cfg is unexpected, this is due to the fact that stage0 doesn't know about the
> new target specification.

Reviewer: this is all good info, it would just be nice to have it be more than one long sentence haha
```suggestion
After adding your target to the `rustc_target` crate you may want to add
`core`, `std`, ... with support for your new target. In that case you will
probably need access to some `target_*` cfg. Unfortunately, when building with
stage0 (the beta compiler), you'll get an error that the target cfg is unexpected because stage0 doesn't know about the new target specification and we pass `--check-cfg` in order to tell it to check.
```
